this year let's go you gotta just press record hey what's up it's omar's corey
record hey what's up it's omar's corey
record hey what's up it's omar's corey with think media and this channel is all
with think media and this channel is all
with think media and this channel is all about helping you build your influence
about helping you build your influence
about helping you build your influence with online video and so if you're
with online video and so if you're
with online video and so if you're interested in that be sure to hit that
interested in that be sure to hit that
interested in that be sure to hit that subscribe button but the first thing i
subscribe button but the first thing i
subscribe button but the first thing i wanted to break down was my audio setup
wanted to break down was my audio setup
wanted to break down was my audio setup and so i got a second camera to show you
and so i got a second camera to show you
and so i got a second camera to show you kind of what i got going on so for my
kind of what i got going on so for my
kind of what i got going on so for my audio setup i actually have a very
audio setup i actually have a very
audio setup i actually have a very simple and cheap mic and links down to
simple and cheap mic and links down to
simple and cheap mic and links down to everything down in the description below
everything down in the description below
everything down in the description below if you want to check out those links
if you want to check out those links
if you want to check out those links check out the links down in the
check out the links down in the
check out the links down in the description below but a very simple mic
description below but a very simple mic
description below but a very simple mic setup that's actually boomed onto my
setup that's actually boomed onto my
setup that's actually boomed onto my table so i don't have to have any stands
table so i don't have to have any stands
table so i don't have to have any stands and things like that but as far as the
and things like that but as far as the
and things like that but as far as the mic that i'm using i'm using the deity
mic that i'm using i'm using the deity
mic that i'm using i'm using the deity d4 mini this is about a 40 or 50 dollar
d4 mini this is about a 40 or 50 dollar
d4 mini this is about a 40 or 50 dollar mic this mic sounds phenomenal and i
mic this mic sounds phenomenal and i
mic this mic sounds phenomenal and i just have an aux cable super cheap